Once upon a midnight dreary, at the Purkyně Dorms. In the blinding fluorescent lighting of the dorm kitchen, two students stand and heavily ponder in front of an open microwave.

"Let's *hiccup* do it again."

"But... bu... But isn't it that there's a new strict dormitory manager? I think it may even be a dormguy." 

His friend pukes into the nearby sink, or at least that's where he thinks his stomach contents are headed.

"Dormlady, dormguy,
Always with their rules,
What an outcry!

"All day, every day:
'Shit only in the toilet'
Why should we obey?

"I say, never fear.
Why, these are Purkyně.
Shit in the microwave, dear!"

The artistic masterpiece thought up by the last three remaining active brain cells of the Faculty of Fine Arts student—their tenacity caused by the many creative-writing assignments—touched his comrade, who, immediately and without being prompted, started taking his pants off.

A shout. "Those fucking bastards did it again!" The well-known voice of the resident cleaning lady rung out at seven in the morning. Much of the student body is now awake—the freshmen are in shock; for the seniors, it's merely a part of reality.

While it's true that the more cautious of yesterday's two students was right inasmuch that the new dorm manager was a dormguy, a common dormguy, he was not. Stemming from a world of vibrant neon animals, a more-than-average budget for art commissions, and a specific fondness for a website named after the food additive monosodium glutamate, the new dorm manager was a dormwolf.

The dormwolf sees the harrowed look of his floor-mopping colleague. "That wasn't a joke?" he asks. The colleague replies, "Haven't you studied here yourself?"

The dormwolf, badly taking in the news that all the stories he had heard in his studies were true, rises from his seat at the reception desk and begins his march to the kitchen.

"Who shat in the microwave?" he asks loud and clear. But no answers are to be heard. The dormwolf repeats the question several times, though still without success.

At this moment, head throbbing due to hangover, and still pantless, two perpetrators wake. The more cautious one feels a bit of guilt, but both know that, should no one admit to anything, this incident will only be noted as one of the many curiosities of living at Purkyně Dorms. "It's been like that forever, so why should it be different today?" one of them thinks to himself.

The dormwolf releases a heavy and deep sigh. After a bit of thinking and gathering of courage, he lets out the words "UwU! Who made a doodoo in the micwowave? OwO?"

The words resonate in a radius of twelve rooms in all cardinal directions. The ones who still hadn't been aware or ignored the goings-on in the Purkyňe kitchen now give it their full attention. The two students from yesterday look at each other in utter horror.

"Pwease meet me at the weception. Ow ewse thewe won't be a micwowave on any fwoow. ÒwÓ" finally says the dormwolf and returns to his throne at the reception desk.

A whole day passed. The cleaning lady, now after her first visit to a professional therapist, mentally prepares herself to enter the kitchen. When she enters, she's at first relieved, then surprised. At the spot whence a microwave was yesterday removed stands a brand-new one.

"Greetings, Mrs Mary." A holograph projected from the microwave greets her. Mrs Mary likewise responds. Surprised, after finishing her rounds, she returns to the dormwolf at the reception desk and tells him about the occurrence in the infamous kitchen. The dormwolf is also surprised, but happy that the students of Purkyně Dorms for once fixed their mistakes.

The dormwolf, satisfied, looks at his phone and continues browsing the CNET website, where he reads a headline: "Multi-million microwave prototype stolen at CES, Las Vegas. Perpetrators placed excrement in other show models."
